Add Quick Start Guide for PingCAP Clinic (#8333)
pingcap/docs: clinic/quick-start-with-clinic.md

PingCAP Clinic diagnoses cluster problems with two components Diag client (Diag) and [Clinic Server cloud service](https://clinic.pingcap.com.cn) (Clinic Server). For details of Diag and Clinic Server, refer to [PingCAP Clinic Overview](/clinic/clinic-introduction.md).

When your cluster has some problems, if you need to contact PingCAP technical support, you can perform the following operations to facilitate the remote troubleshooting: collect diagnostic data with Diag, upload the collected data to the Clinic Server, and provide the data access link to the technical support staff.

PingCAP Clinic is currently in the Technical Preview stage.

> **Note:**
>
> - The following methods to collect and upload data are only applicable to [clusters deployed with TiUP](/production-deployment-using-tiup.md).
> - The diagnostic data collected by PingCAP Clinic is **only** used for troubleshooting cluster problems.

## Prerequisites

Before using PingCAP Clinic, you need to install Diag and prepare the environment to upload data.

1. Install Diag on your control machine with TiUP using the following command:

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```bash
    tiup install diag
    ```

> 2. Log in to [Clinic Server](https://clinic.pingcap.com.cn) and select **Sign in with AskTUG** to enter the AskTUG community login page. If you do not have an AskTUG account, you can register on the login page.

Author: But the other way  (Sign in with Google) is only for PingCAP employees, so I guess users need to use a translation application by themselves. Or is there other option for international users? @qqqdan

> 2. Log in to [Clinic Server](https://clinic.pingcap.com.cn) and select **Sign in with AskTUG** to enter the AskTUG community login page. If you do not have an AskTUG account, you can register on the login page.

Reviewer: We will provide US server for international user , https://clinic.pingcap.com.cn is only for China users.

        {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

        ```bash
        tiup diag upload ${filepath}
        ```

        The following is an example output:

        {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

        ```bash
        Completed!
        Download URL: "https://clinic.pingcap.com/clinic/#/orgs/75/clusters/7055188676317281573 "
        ```

        > **Note:**
        >
        > When uploading data using this method, you need to use Diag v0.7.0 or later versions. When running Diag, Diag provides its version information. If you have installed Diag in an earlier version of 0.7.0, you can use the `tiup update diag` command to upgrade Diag to the latest version.

    - If the network where your cluster is located cannot access the internet, you need to pack the data and upload the folder with collected data. For details, see [Method 2. Pack and upload data](/clinic/clinic-user-guide-for-tiup.md#method-2-pack-and-upload-data).

3. After the upload is complete, get the data access link from `Download URL` in the output of the command in the second step.

>     By default, the diagnostic data includes the cluster name, cluster topology information, log content in the collected diagnostic data, and Grafana Dashboard information reorganized based on the metrics in the collected data.

Reviewer 2: “the diagnostic data includes” 和 “log content in the collected diagnostic data” 看起来可能有些重复

>     By default, the diagnostic data includes the cluster name, cluster topology information, log content in the collected diagnostic data, and Grafana Dashboard information reorganized based on the metrics in the collected data.

Author: ```suggestion
    By default, the diagnostic data includes the cluster name, cluster topology information, logs, and Grafana Dashboard information reorganized based on the metrics in the collected data.
```

Author: @qiancai @qqqdan PTAL, thanks!

>     You can use this data to troubleshoot cluster problems, or you can provide the link to PingCAP technical support staff to facilitate the remote troubleshooting.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You can use the data to troubleshoot cluster problems by yourself, or you can provide the data access link to PingCAP technical support staff to facilitate the remote troubleshooting.
```
